CANDIDATE BELOW 


Benjamin_Goldfarb_Hardvard_Example.pdf
    
BENJAMIN F. GOLDFARB 
617-987-0000      bgoldfar b@fas.harvard.edu       http://scholar.harvard.edu/bgoldfarb 
EDUCATION 
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 
PhD, Architecture, Landscape Architecture, and Urban Planning, expected May 201 9. 
Dissertation: “A City Within a City: Community Development and the Struggle Over Harlem, 1961-2001.” Committee: Profs. Priya Kapoor, Alexi Kovalev, Sunan Demir, and LeVaughn King. 
Harvard College, Cambridge, MA 
BA , summa cum laude, Visual and Environmental Studies, Phi Beta Kappa, June 20 10. 
Thesis: “Learning from Laurel Homes: The Social Role of Architectural Meaning in American Public  Housing.” Advisor: Professor Ericka Popescu. 
RESEARCH AND TEACHING INTERESTS Social, cultural, and political history of the American built environment Twentieth-century United States history History and theory of modern architecture and planning History of African-American urbanization  Race and the design professions  American urban policy Social movements Community-based organizations 
PUBLICATIONS 
“Governing at the Ti pping Point: Economic Development” (with Michael O’Neil), John Lindsay’s New York, ed. 
Carla Bianchi (Johns Hopkins Unive rsity Press), un der contract. 
“Paul Rudolph and the Rise and Fall of Urban Renewal” (with Priya Kapoor), edited volume on architect Paul 
Rudolph, ed. Birgit Rasmussen (Yale University Press), forthcoming. 
“Planning’s End? Urban Renewal in New Haven, the Yale School of Art and Architecture, and the Fall of the 
New Deal Spatial Order,” Journal of Urban History 37, no. 3 (May 201 7): 400-422. 
FELLOWSHIPS AND AWARDS 
Warren Center Dissertation Completion Fellowship, Harvard University, 2018-19  
Graduate School of Arts and Sciences Merit/Term-Time Fellowship, Harvard University, 201 7-18
Rockefeller Archive Center Grant-in-Aid, 201 7-18 
Taubman Center for State & Local Government Research Award, Harvard Kennedy School, 201 7-18, 2016-17 
Center for American Political Studies Graduate Research Seed Grant, Harvard University, 201 7 
Warren Center for Studies in American History Dissertation Research Grant, Harvard University, 201 6-17
Real Estate Academic Initiative Research Grant, Harvard University, 2016-1 7 
Graduate Student Council Summer Research Grant, Harvard University, 2016 
Warren Center for Studies in American History Summer Research Grant, Harvard University, 201 5 
Harvard University Certificate of Distinction in Teaching (for “Designing the American City”), 201 5 Scholars whose work relates to art, music , architecture, etc.  often have experience with museum exhibitions, musical 
performances, etc.  Benjamin, as a graduate student studying the built environment , included exhibitions that he contributed to, as well as professional architectural and curatorial experience, as they are relevant to his field.  
Benjamin presents his research and teaching interests in one category.  He could have chosen to use two categories: RESEARCH INTERESTS, listing specific areas of his scholarly expertise, and TEACHING INTERESTS , with relevant 
general topics , to show the breadth of teaching areas . Benjamin landed a tenure -track position at a research university.  
Identifying information has been changed.
3
Jefferson Scholars Graduate Fellowship, University of Virginia (declined), 201 3 
Rudolf Arnheim Prize (for senior thesis), Dept of Visual and Environmental Studies, Harvard University, 2010  
Creativity Foundation Legacy Prize, 200 9 
PRESENTATIONS 
“New Pragmatism Uptown,” Urban History Association Sixth Biennial Conference, New York, New York, 
October 201 8. 
“The Urban Homestead in the Age of Fiscal Crisis: Self-Help Housing in Harlem, 1974-82,” Fourteenth 
National Conference on Planning History, Society for American City and Regional Planning History, 
Baltimore, Maryland, November 201 7. 
“Constructing Community Control: African American Design Activism in Harlem, c. 1968,” 201 6 Buell 
Dissertation Colloquium, Columbia University, New York, April 201 7. 
“‘Building Unity to Control the Turf’: African American Design Activism, c. 1968,” Urban History 
Association Fifth Biennial Conference, Las Vegas, Nevada, October 201 6. 
“Restricting Greenwood: Urban Planning, Race, and Space in Wyoming, Ohio, 1860-1950,” The Diverse Suburb: 
  History, Politics, and Prospects  (conference), Hofstra University, Hempstead, New York, October 201 5. 
“Urban Planning in the Aftermath of Newark, New Jersey's ‘Long Hot Summer’ of 1967,” New England 
Chapter of the Society of Architectural Historians Graduate Student Symposium, Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts, February 201 5. 
“Paul Rudolph and the Rise and Fall of Urban Renewal” (with Priya Kapoor), Reassessing Rudolph: Architecture 
and Reputation (symposium), Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut, January 201 4. 
EXHIBITIONS 
Historical Consultant , “Foreclosed: Rehousing the American Dream,” Museum of Modern Art, New York, 
Assisted architectural firm MOS, one of six invited teams, February - August 201 8. 
Research Assistant , “Beyond the Harvard Box: The Early Works of Edward L. Barnes, Ulrich Franzen, 
John Johansen, Victor Lundy, I.M. Pei, and Paul Rudolph,” 
Harvard Graduate School of Design, Fall 201 2. 
Co-curator, “VAC BOS: The Carpenter Center and Le Corbusier’s Synthesis of the Arts” (Carpenter Center 
for the Visual Arts 40th Anniversary Exhibition), Harvard University, March and April 20
10. 
TEACHING AND ADVISING EXPERIENCE 
Undergraduate Senior Thesis Advisor , Harvard College  
Committee on Degrees in Social Studies, 201 8-19  
Department of History, 201 5-16  
Head Teaching Fellow, Harvard University  
History and Theory of Urban Interventions (Professor Priya Kapoor), Spring 2018  
Critical Memory and the Experience of History (Profs. Alexi Kovalev and LeVaughn King), Fall 201 7
Conservation Canons and Institutions (Profs. Alexi Kovalev and LeVaughn King), Fall 201 7  
Teaching Fellow, Harvard University 
Ecology as Urbanism; Urbanism as Ecology (Professor Priya Kapoor), Spring 201 6  
Discourses and Practices of Postwar Architecture (Professor Adam Mazur), Fall 201 5  
Buildings, Texts, and Contexts: 1970 to the Present (Professor Hinata Sato), Fall 201 5  
Invited Critic, Harvard University Graduate School of Design 
Master of Urban Planning/Master of Architecture in Urban Design Thesis Reviews, 201 8-19  
Identifying information has been changed.
4Benjamin Goldfarb , pg. 2 
Master of Landscape Architecture Thesis Reviews, 201 7-18 , 2018-19  
Master of Architecture First Year Final Review, Spring 2016 
RESEARCH EXPERIENCE 
Professor LeVaughn King , Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 
Research Assistant , May 201 4 to September 201 7 
•Performed archival research on public official Edward J. Logue for forthcoming book.
Professor Alexi Kovalev, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 
Research Assistant , September 200 9 to June 20 10 
• Literature review for There Goes the Neighborhood  (Knopf, 201 2).
ACADEMIC SERVICE 
Member, Harvard Advisory Committee on Shareholder Responsibility, Spring 2016 
Member, Harvard Common Spaces Steering Committee, May 201 3 to February 201 6 
Member, Harvard Common Spaces Lead Consultant Selection Subcommittee, August to September 201 4 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Office of the Chief Architect, U.S. General Services Administration, Washington, 
DC Coordinator, First Impressions Program , December 20 11 to August 201 3 
•Managed nationwide progr
am overseeing renovations of interior and exterior public spaces in existingfederal buildings, courthouses, and border stations.•Arranged design reviews, managed production and editing of GSA’s Site Security Design Guide.•Organized agency-wide, $2.75 million project funding competition.
Office of the Chief Architect, U.S. General Services Administration, Washington, DC 
Analyst, Urban Development/Good Neighbor Program , November 20 10 to August 201 2 
•Collaborated with municipal governments to ensure that public building projects aligned with localplanning goals.•Managed production and editing of Achieving Great Federal Public Spaces, a guide to public spaceimprovement for property managers, and coordinated planning projects in Washington, DC, Chicago, andBillings, MT.
Hollin Hills National Register of Historic Places Nomination Project , Alexandria, 
VA Surveyor, Winter 201 2 
Museum of Modern Art , New York, NY 
Curatorial Intern, Department of Painting and Sculpture, Summer 200 9 
REFERENCES Priya Kapoor LeVaughn M. King Professor of American Studies Henry J. Basha Professor of Architectural Theory Harvard University  Harvard University Graduate School of Design 10 Garden Street  Gund Hall, 48 Quincy Street Cambridge, MA 02138 Cambridge, MA 02138  617-111-1111 617-000-0000 priya_kapoor@radcliffe.harvard.edu lmking@gsd.harvard.edu
Two additional referenc es have been removed from this sample to conserve space. Typically, three references 
are provided, but you may have a fourth, especially if he or she can provide a different perspective, e.g. your teaching abilities. Be sure each of your references has agreed to write a letter of recommendation before listing him or her. Do not list additional references who are not sending a letter, as your package may be considered incomplete and not be reviewed by the search committee.  
Identifying information has been changed.
5Benjamin Goldfarb , pg. 3 

CANDIDATE BELOW 


ELLEN_R_JOSEPH_Harvard_Example.pdf
 
 
EL LEN R. JOSEPH  
josepher@
xxx.harvard.edu 
            3400 We st Chester Blvd.  Apartment 109              Los Angeles, CA 90620       (813) 321-1234
           L os Angeles, CA 
2017-P resent
 Cambridge, MA       
2017 
    Hanover, NH      
2009Department  of Neuroscience 
Science Center, Room 5480 
18000 San Bernardino Blvd. 
Los Angeles, CA 90669  
(813) 566-4321
CURRENT P OSITION 
University of Californi a, Los Angeles 
Postdoctoral Fellow   
EDUCATION 
Harvard University   
PhD, Neurobiology
D
issertation: Development  of synaptic p la sticity in Aplysia cal ifornica 
D
artmouth College  
BS, magna cum laude , Biology. Phi Beta Kappa 
GRANT S AND AWARDS 
        2018-2019
2017 
       2014-2016 
        2014, 2016 
           L os Angeles, CA 
2017
-PresentRuth L. K irschstei n Post -Doctoral N ational R esearch S ervice Award  
Nat
ional I nstitute of D eafness and  Other C ommunication  Disorders, N ational I nstitutes o f H ealth 
Department o
f Neuroscience, Emerging  Faculty Award 
University
 of California, Los Angeles
Ruth L. K irschstei n Pre -Doctoral N ational R esearch S ervice Award 
National Institute of Mental Health, National Institutes of Health 
Bok Center Certificate of Distinction in Teaching Award 
Harvard U
niversity 
RESEARCH E XPERIENCE 
University of Californi a, Los Angeles  
Postdoctoral Fellow; Advisor: Y oung X. Shen   
Developmental regulation of NMDA receptor- mediated sy naptic transmission  in z ebra f i nch br ain 
•Developed single cell PCR method to study developmental changes in NMDA receptors, correlatedwith developmental stages of song learning•Analyzed developmental changes in juvenile song using customized LabView software.•Altered development of song with behavioral and circadian manipulations
 Cambridge, MA          
2010-2017 Harvard University   
Gr
aduate Researcher ; Advisor: Thomas J. Schmidt 
Serotonergic modulation of synaptic transmissi on in developing and adult Aplysia 
•Used in vitro single cell neurophysiological recording and stimulation to study developmentalemergence of two serotonin-mediated forms of synaptic plasticityEllen applied for a tenure -track faculty position as a post -doc. At that point, she emphasized her two NRSA 
fellowships, and she placed her publications at the end of the CV, just prior to her references, as is expected in the life sciences. 
It is rare for a PhD in the experimental sciences to successfully land a tenure- track faculty position immediately out of graduate school. A postdoc is almost always necessary. When Ellen had applied for her 
postdoctoral position, she included more detail about her graduate research.  
Identifying information has been changed.
12
          W oods Hole, MA    
Summer
 2012
 Cambridge, MA          
2009-2010 Marine Biological Laboratory 
Participant, Neural Systems and Behavior course          
Harvard University   
Gr
aduate Research A ssistant; A dv isor: Emily C hester 
Expression of Lupus antigens in fetal rat brain 
•Characterized developmental changes in expression of numerous lupus antigens usingimmun
ocytochemistry and flourescence microscopy
           L os Angeles, CA              
Sping 201 8-P resent       
Spring 2018
 
 Ne w York, NY              
Summer 2015, 2016       
Spring 2016
       
Spring 2014 
          Fa ll 2014  
Hanover, NH       
Spring 200
8 
      Fa ll 2007, Fall 2008  TEACHING EXPERIENCE 
University of California, Los Angeles 
Written and Oral Communication A dvisor 
Guest Lecturer and Consultant, Seminar in Animal Communication 
Harvard University 
Guest Lecturer, Introductory Psychology 
Head  Teaching Fellow, Cellular Basis of Behavior    
Teaching Fellow, Cellular Basis of Behavior          
Teach ing Fellow, Neurob iology 
Dartmouth College   
Teaching Fellow, Special Topics in Psycholo gy 
Teaching Fellow, Introductory Biology 
RELATED PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Harvard Gr aduate Wo men in Science and Engineering (HGWISE), Harvard University 
President  Cambridge, MA          
2015
-2017 
• Organized  and led student representatives from 25 natural science departments to promote issues of
concern to women scientists a
nd engineers at Harvard
• Co-c haired Invited Speakers committee.  Managed 3 public symposia f eaturing nationally-
renowned women scientists
PROFESSIONAL AS SOCIATIONS 
S
ociety  for Neuroscience 
International Association of Electrophysiologists 
New Y ork A cademy of  Sciences 
CONFERENCE P RESENTATIONS 
Joseph, E.R . and Shen, Y.X. S ynaptic maturation is input -specific and  occurs in t wo phases in nucleus RA o f the 
zebra finch. S ociety for Neuroscience Abstracts. Poster presentation to be delivered at the Society for 
Neuroscience meeting, S
an Diego, CA, November, 2019. 
Joseph, E.R. and Shen, Y.X. D evelopmental regulation of NMDA receptor- mediated synaptic currents in nucleus 
RA of the zebra finch. Society for Neuroscience Abstracts. 25:191. Poster presentation delivered at the Society 
for Neuroscience meeting, Atlanta, GA, November, 201 8
. 
Jose ph, E .R. a nd S chmidt, T.J. Synaptic facilitation is independent of spike dur ation i n sensory neurons of 
juvenile Aplysia. S ociety for Neuroscience Abstracts. 25:695. P oster p resentation delivered at the Society  for 
Neuroscience meeting, Washington, D.C., November, 2016
. Ellen R. Joseph, pg. 2  
Identifying information has been changed.
13
Jose ph, E .R. a nd S chmidt, T.J. Serotonergic facilitation of  synaptic transmission  in juvenil e Aplysia .  S ociety for  
Neuroscience Abstracts.  23:814.  O ral presentation delivered at the Society for Neuroscience meeting, New 
Orleans, LA, November, 2015. 
Jos
eph, E.R., Kline, N.J., and Schmidt , T.J. Temporal dissociation of 5HT-induced spike broadening and 
excitability in Aplysia sensory neurons.  Society for Neuroscience Abstracts. 21:941.  Oral presentation delivered 
at the Society for Neuroscience meeting, St. Louis, MO, November, 201 3. 
Jose ph, E .R. a nd S chmidt, T.J. Teaching neuroscience through a laboratory experience: you can't start too young. 
Society for Neuroscience Abstracts. 20:518.  P oster presentation  delivered at the Society  for Neuroscience 
meeting, Orlando, FL, November 2012. 
REVIEW
 ARTICLES 
Joseph, E.R ., LeBlanc, R., Kline, N.J., Bliss, E.A., and Schmidt, T.J. (2015
).  Central actions of serotonin across 
the l
ife span o f Aplysia :  Implications for development and learning.  In H. Koike, Y. Kidokor o, K . Takahashi, 
and T. Kanaseki (Eds.),  Basic Neuroscienc e in  Invertebrates  (pp. 249-265).  Tokyo: Japan Scientific Societies 
Press. 
Kline, N.J., Bliss, E.A., Joseph, E.R., and Schmidt, T.J. (2015).  Differential modulatory actions of serotonin in 
Aplysia s ensory neurons:  Implications for development and learning.  Seminars in Neuroscience.  9:21-33. 
PEER-R EVIEWED PUBLICATIONS 
Joseph, E.R . and Shen, Y.X. (2019).  Two-stage, input-s pecific synaptic maturation  in a nucleus essential for 
vocal production in the zebra finch.  Journal of Neuroscience. 22:9107-9116. 
Joseph, E.R.  and Schmidt, 
T.J. (2018).  Developmental dissociation of serotonin-induced spike broadening and 
synaptic facilitation in Aplysia sensory neurons.  Journal of Neuroscience.  21:334-346. 
Joseph, E.R ., Chang, A.R., Kline, N.J., and Schmidt, T.J. (2016).  Pharma cological
 and  k inetic characterization 
of two functional classes of serotonergic modulation in Aplysia
 sensory neurons.  Journal of Neurophysiology.  
78:855-866. 
Smythe, M.I., Vaidya, A.F., Joseph, E.R., B elema, J.F., and Denny, K.M. (2009). Fetal expression of renin, 
angi
otensinogen, and atriopeptin genes in chick heart. Journal of Clinical and Experimental Hypertension. A15: 
617-629. 
REFERENCES 
Young X. Shen, Ph.D. Akaysha M. Lin, Ph.D. 
Kim Professor of Neuroethology Thomas J. Schmidt, Ph.D. 
Professor  Associate Professor 
Department of Neuroscience Division of Med. Sci. Department of Psychology 
University of California, Los Angeles  Harvard University 
(617 ) 999-9999  
tjschmidt@xxx.harvard.eduUniversity of California, Los Angeles 
(813)123-4567
linam@xxx.ucla.edu(813)555-5555
shenyx@xxx.ucla.edu
Identifying information has been changed.
14Ellen R. Joseph, pg. 3

CANDIDATE BELOW 


Magda_Yulavoski_Hardvard_Example.pdf
Magda V. Yulanovski 
(650) 999-9999,  magda_yulanovski@fas.harvard.eduhttp://www.gov.harvard.edu/people/magda_yulanovski  Dept. of Government, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 02139 
EDUCATION 
Harvard University  
Ph.D., Government Cambridge, MA 
Expected May 201 9 
 Research Interests: Civil Conflict, Political Economy of Development, Ethnic Politics, AfricanPolitics, Security Studies, Research Design
 Dissertation: “Initiating Insurgency: Rebel Group Formation and Viability in Uganda”
University of Michigan
M.A., International Policy Studies
B.A. with Honors , Political Science , concentration in International RelationsAnn Arbor, MI 
June 200 8
 June 200 8 
SELECTED GRANTS AND HONO RS  
Dissertation Fellowship, Harry Frank Guggenheim (HFG) foundation  2018-19  
Hartley R. Rodgers Dissertation Fellowship, Weatherhead Center for International 
Affairs, Harvard University  2017-18  
Bok Center Certificate for Distinction in Teaching , Harvard University  2015, 2017 
U.S. Institute of Peace (USIP) Randolph Jennings Dissertation Fellowship  2016-17  
Natio nal Science Foundation (NSF) Doctoral Dissertation Improvement Grant  2016 
Smith Richardson World Politics and Statecraft Fellowship  2016 
Arthur Lehman Merit Fellowship, Harvard University  2015-16
Graduate Fellow, Center on Conflict and Negotiation (SCCN), University of Michigan  2011-12  
National Security Education Program (NSEP) undergraduate grant for study in South 
Africa  2010 
Dorot Foundation research grant for fieldwork in Israel, Gaza, and the West Bank  2010 
WORKS IN PROGRESS  
 “Selection Problems in Scholarship on Ethnicity and Conflict Onset: Evidence from Uganda.”
Article manuscript in progress, to be submitted for publication in spring 201 8.
 “Information, Civil Intelligence and Statebuilding: Evidence from Uganda.” Article manuscript in
progress, to be submitted for publication in fall/winter 201 8.
 “Intergovernmental Balance of Power and District Proliferation in Sub-Saharan Africa,” with Amy
Angeles. Data collection and analysis in progress.
PRESENTATIONS  
 “Attempting Rebellion: Dynamics of Rebel Group Launch and Viability.” African Studies  
Association (ASA), November 201 8; American Political Science Association (APSA), September  
2018; International Studies Association (ISA), March 201 9.
 “Designing Interviews to Get the Information You Seek.” APSA, September 201 7, short course on 
the methods, practices, strategies, and technologies of fieldwork.Magda’s CV is representative of those social science fields in which the PhD dissertation is composed 
of several papers.  She lists these as “Works in Progress” and briefly describes their publication status. She also had considerable policy experience, both prior to and during her graduate studies, and these, while non-academic, are certainly relevant to her candidacy for a tenure- track faculty position in political 
science  at a military academy .   
Identifying information has been changed.
9
 “The Initial Stages of Insurgency and Counterinsurgency.” APSA, September 201 6.
 “The Unremarkable Start of an Infamous Rebellion: The LRA in Comparative Perspective.” New
England Political Science Association (NEPSA), April 2016.
 “Humanitarian Intervention, Sovereignty, and ‘Weak’ States: the Case of Darfur.” Invited talk at
Makerere University graduate class on Human Rights and International Relations, Uganda, April
2015.
 “Building Partner Capacity: Assessing U.S. Training o f African Peacekeepers.” RAND Corporation.,
August 201 3.
POLICY PUBLICATIONS 
 “Developing an Army Strategy for Building Partner Capacity for Stability Operations” with Andreas
Rizzi et al. Monograph. Santa Monica: The RAND Corporation, June 201 7.
 “Poverty and Conflict: What Policymakers Need to Know” with Johannes Klein and Marilyn
Maloney. Working Paper Series on Global Economy and Development , Washington, D.C.: The Brookings
Institution, December 201 3.
 “Terrorist Financing: Better Strategic Planning Needed to Coordinate U.S. Efforts to Deliver
Counter-Terrorism Financing Training Abroad.” (contributing author) Washington, D.C.: U.S.
Government Accountability Office , October 201 2.
 “Terrorist Financing: U.S. Agencies Should Systematically Assess Terrorists’ Use of Alternative
Financing Mechanisms.” (contributing author) Washington, D.C.: U.S. General Accounting Office ,
November 201 2.
TEACHING AND MENTORING   
 Instructor, Ethnic Politics and Conflict  (self-designed seminar), Harvard College (Spring 201 7) Received
4.8/5.0 average rating for teaching effectiveness from student evaluations
 Teaching Fellow, Introduction to Comparative Government, Harvard College (Fall 2014 and 201 5)
Received 4.7/5.0 average rating for teaching effectiveness from student evaluations
 Thesis Advisor for three Harvard undergraduates (201 4-15  and 2016-17 )
 Invited lecturer for Yale undergraduate Civil Wars course, Yale University (Oct. 201 7)
 Invited speaker on undergraduate research abroad, Harvard University (May 201 7)
 Managed and mentored one Harvard undergraduate and one Makerere University undergraduate
who served as research assistants in Uganda (July 2016)
INTERNATIONAL RESEARCH AND STUDY 
 Ph.D. fieldwork in Uganda (14 months; August 201 4 through February 201 8)
 Fieldwork for the U.S. GAO in Brussels and Jakarta (April 2010 and October 2011 )
 Undergraduate thesis fieldwork in Israel, Gaza City, and the West Bank (June 200 6)
 Undergraduate fieldwork and study in the Cape Flats, South Africa (January to May 2006)
 Study at Cambridge University, England (Sept. to Dec. 2005)
SKILLS  
 Proficient in statistical analysis and software (R and Stata)
 Basic use of Geographic Information Systems and related software (ArcGIS and Geoda)
 Advanced French (conversation and reading), intermediate Spanish (reading), and Swahili (basic)
Identifying information has been changed.
10Magda Yulanovski, pg. 2 
SERVICE AND AFFILIATIONS 
 Pre-doctoral Fellow, MacMillan Center for International and Area Studies, Program on Order,
Conflict, and Violence (OCV), Yale University (201 8-Present)
 Reviewer, International Security
 Executive Committee Member (201 7-18 ) and Graduate Student Associate (2012-16 ), Weatherhead
Center for International Affairs, Harvard University
 Co-Coordinator, Harvard Workshop on Civil Conflict and Political Violence (20 11-13 )
 Affiliate, Makerere University Institute for Social Research and the Center for Basic Research,
Kampala, Uganda
 Affiliate, Harvard Institute for Quantitative Social Science
 Member, American Political Science Association (APSA), International Studies Association (ISA),
and African Studies Association (ASA)
RELATED PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
The RAND Corporation  
Summer Associate  Arlington, VA 
Summer 201 3 
 Conducted research for RAND study on effectiveness of U.S. Army and Department of State’sBuilding Partner Capacity programs, which train African militaries in peacekeeping skills.
The Brookings Institution  
Consultant  Washington, DC 
Summer 20 11; Spring 201 3 
 Conducted research for Brookings’ Foreign Policy Studies program on transnational security
implications of global poverty. Consulted on U.S. foreign policy challenges in Latin America.
Harvard University  
Research Assistant  Cambridge, MA 
2012 
 Conducted coding of historical data for Professor Melissa Munoz.
 Conducted statistical and case study research for Associate Professor Maxwell Angeles.
U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO)  
International Affairs Analyst   San Francisco, CA and Washington , DC 
2006-2010 
 Conducted research o n effectiveness of U.S. government’s foreign programs and policies.
 Drafted public reports and congressional testimony.
 Conducted interviews with senior officials from Departments of State, Defense, Homeland Security,
Justice, Treasury, intelligence agencies, the E.U., and Governments of Belgium and Indonesia. Held
Top Secret clearance.
Seeds of Peace  
Instructor and Counselor  Maine, Greece, and Croatia 
Summers 200 3-2007  
 Facilitated discussion groups and designed and implemented team-building curricula for youth
leaders from opposing sides of conflicts in the Middle East, former Yugoslavia, and Cyprus.
REFERENCES 
Full contact information for at least three references should be included, but have been 
removed from this sample to conserve space.  
 
Identifying information has been changed.
11Magda Yulanovski, pg. 3 

CANDIDATE BELOW 


Keisha_V_Thomas_Harvard_Example.pdf
  
Keisha V. Thomas 
keisha.thomas@email.com 29B Russell Avenue, Apt. 19 • Brighton, MA 02121 • (617) 123-4567 ________________________________________________________________________________________________ EDUCATION 
Harvard University, Division of Medical Sciences      
             Boston, MA     
Expected Marc h 201
9 • Ph.D., B iochemistry and Molecular Pharmacology
• National Science Foundation Honorable Mention 201 3
Swart
hmore College 
• B.A., Biology     Swarthmore, PA   
May 2010
  Boston, M
A 
 2014-p resent                                                          RESEARCH EXPERIENCE 
Harvard University Medical School  
Graduate Researcher with Dr. Elia s T. Johannson        
Genetic and  genomic studies of ub iquitin-p roteasome system activities in S. cerevisiae 
•Exam
ined potential transcriptional effects of the proteasome using microarray analysis to provide a genome-widepicture of chromatin binding and gene regulation.• Executed genetic screen for suppressor of a mutant in the proteasome adaptor complex Cdc48Npl4Ufd1.• Characterized one of the isolated suppressors to reveal a function in sporulation, using biochemistry, cell biology andtranscriptional profiling.
Yale U
niversity Medical School   
Research Assistant with Dr. Bing Wong        N ew Haven, CT 
2011-2013
• Exa
mined transcriptional regulation of the bile acid transporter Ntcp using reporter assays in cultured hepatocytes.•Managed laboratory functions including organization, ordering and scheduling equipment use.•Trained new students and employees.
Unive
rsity of California San Francisco      
Research Assistant with Dr. Shona V. Ramapura           S an Francisco, CA             
Summer 2010 
• Ana
lyzed encapsidation of HIV RNA using cell- free extract.
Univ
ersité de Paris, Station Zoologique      
Intern with Dr. Magali Canivet         Villefran che sur mer, F rance             
Summer 200
9 
•Used m
icromanipulation and microscopy to investigate early developmental stages of tunicate embryos.
Yale U
niversity Medical School   
Howard Hughes Intern with Dr. Jane P. Angelique           New Haven, CT 
Summer  
2006 
•Estab
lished method of PCR screening for NOD mice used in diabetes research.
SKILLS
 and TECHNIQUES •Isolation of RNA and analysis by transcriptional profiling and Northern blot• Chromatin immunoprecipitation and analysis on microarrays and by quantitative PCR•Fluorescence microscopy•Statistical analysis of microarray data• Immunoprecipitation of complexes for identification by Mass Spectrometry• Genetic screening and manipulations in budding yeast•Mammalian cell cultureKeisha used this CV to help her successfully land a staff scientist position at a biotech company. There are not many 
differences from her academic CV, except that she includes a list of skills and techniques (which is also appropriate for an academic postdoctoral application). While her thesis work was basic science, she includes references to 
clinically relevant work in her  earlier research experiences. References are not included when applying to industry.  
Identifying information has been changed.
18
LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE 
Harvard University Medical School    Boston, MA 
Editor, Biological and Biomedical Sciences Program Bulletin  2016-P resent 
•Participated in planning content; solicited, wrote and ed ited articles relevant to student life.
Mentor, Mentoring for Science program       2014, 2017 
• Guided eighth-g rade students in understanding of scientific method through molecular biology experiments and
case-b ased learning.
Swarthmore College         
Teaching Assistant, Embryology         Swarthmore, PA            
2010
• Assisted in preparation an d execution of weekly laborato ry section.
• Prepared and presented 2 c lass lectures.
ABSTRACTS 
K.V. Thomas, J.M. O’Reilly, S. Kopp, and E.T. Johannson. The Proteasome and its Transcription Factor Substrate
Have Overlapping Specificity in Gene Regulation. Abstracts of the Gordon Symposium on Ubiquitin and Signaling,
2018. Abstract 106.
K.V. Thomas, S. Gerling, and E.T. Johannson. The Npl4/Ufd1/Cdc48 Complex and Regulation of Membrane
Composition. Abstracts of the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 2017. Abstract and
Presentation 1615.
PUBLICATIONS 
K.V. Thomas, 
A.L. Marcus, S. Gerling, L. Sing, and E.T. Johannson. The Yeast Arr4 Forms a Complex with
Functions in Sporulation. In preparation.
K.V. Thomas, C.R. White, J.M. O’Reilly, S. Kopp, and E.T. Johannson. Genomic Localization of the Proteasome
Demonstrates Multiple Levels of Gene Regulation. Under review.
A.L. Marcus, K.V. Thomas, S.P. Georgios, and E.T. Johannson. A subset 
of membrane-as sociated proteins is
ubiquitinated in response to mutations in the endoplasmic reticulum degradation machinery. Proceedings of the
National  Academy
 of Sciences USA 2016; 98(16):12861-66.
L.A. Pittson, K.V. 
Thomas, D.S. Kerry, M.H. Slater, D.J. Elliot, and B. Wong. Interleukin-1ß Suppresses
Retinoid  Transactivation of Two Hepatic Transporter Genes Involved in Bile Formation. Journal of Chemical
Biology 2015; 275(12): 8835-8843.
Identifying information has been changed.
19Keisha Thomas, pg. 2

CANDIDATE BELOW 


Juan_Garcia_Example_UI_UC.pdf
6  grad.illinois.edu/CareerDevelopment  JUAN GARCIA  
(217) 123 - 4567 • jgarcia@illinois.edu  
EDUCATION  
Doctor of Philosophy in Civil and Environmental Engineering  
University of Illinois at Urbana -Champaign  
Dissertation title : “Visualizing Geotechnical Engineering Principles”  
Advisor : Professor Ted S. Visor  Expected Fall 20XX  
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering  
Universidad Nacional de San Juan, San Juan, Argentina (UNSJ)  May 20XX  
RESEARCH INTERESTS    
Investigations to improve seismic force -resisting systems through simulations and various visualization techniques.  
RESEARCH EXPERIENCE    
Graduate Research Assistant  
Department of Civil Engineering, University of Illinois  
 Design and execute small -scale testing to validate control algorithms derived to 
simulate seismic force -resistance.  
 Contribute to multi -disciplinary project aimed at developing visualizations and 
simulations to predict seismic force damage to various materials.  
 Collaborate and coordinate with faculty, staff scientists, and fellow graduate students 
across departments.  20XX - Present  
Undergraduate Consultant  
Departamento de Ingeniería, UNSJ  
 Selected by the General Director of the City Planning Department of San Juan, to 
participate in the structural analysis and seismic assessment of the Dr. Guillermo 
Rawson Hospital, one of the largest construction projects to date in the most 
hazardous seismic area in Argentina.  
 Collaborated with two other members of a team to carry out a nonlinear static 
analysis of the structure – primary objective and main focus of the project – in 
agreement with FEMA 356 Pre -standard for the Seismic Rehabilitation of buildings.  20XX  
TEACHING AND MENTORI NG EXPERIENCE  
Teaching Assistant, Introduction to Structural Engineering  
College of Engineering, University of Illinois  
 Prepared lectures and class activities focusing on the analysis of determinate and 
indeterminate structures for 15 -25 freshman and sophomore level undergraduates.  
 Created and graded course assessments to ensure students understood material and 
stayed on track.  
 Recognized as List of Teachers Ranked Excellent by Their Students.  Spring 20XX - Present  
Instructor, Latino/a Culture  
Anthropology Department, University of Illinois  
 Integrated multimedia approaches and used instructional technology to enhance 
pedagogical approach.  
 Explained challenging concepts using planned lessons, assignments and targeted 
discussions for 75 freshmen and sophomore students.  Spring - Fall 20XX  
Graduate Mentor, Illinois Summer Research Opportunities Program  
The Graduate College, University of Illinois  
 Mentored two undergraduate students in data collection and analysis to visualize the 
properties of various geotechnical materials.  
 Guided the students in preparation and presentation of research findings.  Summer 20XX, 20XX  CV SAMPLE  
7 grad.illinois.edu/CareerDevelopment Juan Garcia, page 2 of 3 TEACHING AND MENTORING EXPERIENCE CONTINUED 
Graduate Mentor, Illinois Summer Research Opportunities Program 
The Graduate College, University of Illinois 
 Mentored two undergraduate students in data collection and analysis to visualize the
properties of various geotechnical materials.
 Guided the students in preparation and presentation of research findings.Summer 20XX, 20XX 
HONORS AND AWARDS 
Fulbright Scholarship to pursue a PhD 
 20 scholarships awarded in Argentina that year20XX 
Flag Honor Guard Member 
 Qualified by graduating with honors and ranking 4th among engineering majors at UNSJ20XX 
GRANTS  
Granting Agency, “Title of Grant”, $00,000  20XX - 20XX 
PUBLICATIONS 
Garcia, J. , other authors. (Year). Title. Journal , Volume (Issue) , page numbers. doi:. 
Garcia, J. , other authors. (in press). Title. Journal, Volume (Issue) , page numbers.  
Garcia, J. , other authors. (Year produced). Title. Manuscript submitted for publication. 
Garcia, J. , other authors. (Year draft produced). Title. Manuscript in preparation.  
CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS 
ORAL PRESENTATIONS  
Garcia, J.,  other authors. (Year, Month). Title . Minisymposium on subject, Meeting, City, State. 
Garcia, J.,  other authors. (Year, Month). Title . Meeting, City, State. 
POSTER  PRESENTATIONS  
Garcia, J., other authors. (Year, Month). Title. Poster session presented at Meeting, City, State. 
Garcia, J.,  other authors. (Year, Month). Title. Paper presented at Meeting, City, State. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
20XX - 20XX Civil Engineer at consulting firm 
TOSS Ingeniería, La Paz, Peru 
 Engineer in charge of the implementation of seismic validation at La Paz Central
hospital.
 Developed extensive modeling and visualization algorithms to expedite validation.
UNIVERSITY SERVICE 
Facilitator 
College of Engineering, University of Illinois  
 Participated in the organization of the Principal’s Scholars Program 20XX GEAR UP
College Bound Summer Program, where a group of minority children from elementary
and middle school visited the college to learn about different paths in engineering.
 Prepared a bridge design competition using popsicle sticks and glue, where the
children demonstrated their skills and their creativity.July 20XX 
Student Assistant 
Office of International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS), University of Illinois  
 Assisted with check-in procedures for incoming international students.
 Helped incoming international students with information on procedures and resources
for their successful arrival on campus.July 20XX 
8 grad.illinois.edu/CareerDevelopment Juan Garcia, page 3 of 3 TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 Programming languages and mathematical packages: Matlab, Mathematica, C, C ++
 Computer aided design/engineering: optical imaging, AutoCAD, Patran, Abaqus.
 Other: SPSS, Linux (openSUSE, Ubuntu), Mac OS, Windows OS
LANGUAGES 
Spanish: Fluent 
English: Proficient 
REFERENCES 
Ted S. Visor, Professor and Graduate Programs Head 
Department of Civil Engineering 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
(217) 244 – 2345, email@illinois.edu
John D. Faculty, Assistant Professor 
Department of Civil Engineering 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
(217) 244 – 1234, email@illinois.edu
Barbara A. Smith, Assistant Professor 
Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
(217) 244 – 4321, email@illinois.edu
Joseph B. Car, Senior Civil Engineer 
TOSS Ingeniería, La Paz, Peru 
011 51 1 123 – 4567, email@toss.com  

CANDIDATE BELOW 


TE NING_CHANG_Harvard_Example.pdf
TE NING CHANG 
24 Dogwood Terrace #3 • Cambridge, MA 02138         •        tnchang@fas.harvard.edu         •        (617) 123-4567
EDUCATION 
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 
PhD East Asian Languages and Civilizations (Chinese Literature of the later dynasties), expected May 201 9.  
-General Examination Fields: Chinese Poetry (from beginning to Tang), Chinese Literature (from Song
to late Qing), English Renaissance Drama
National University of Singapore, Singapore 
AM Chinese Literature, 201 2   
AB with Honors, Chinese, 20 10 
DISSERTATION 
“Qu Writing in Literati Communities: Rediscover ing Sanqu Songs and Drama in Sixteenth-Century China” 
Advisors: Professors Dorothy A. Denny, Sing Wei Lung, and Robert S. Belwether 
FELLOWSHIPS AND AWARDS 
Graduate Society Dissertation Completion Fellowship  2018-2019
Harvard Graduate School of Arts & Sciences Merit Fellowship  2017-2018
 Asia Center Fellowship for Summer Research in Shaanxi and Shanghai, China  2016
Academia Sinica Fellowship for Dissertation Research in Taiwan  2015-2016
 Asia Center Fellowship for Summer Research in Beijing and Shandong, Chi na Asia Center     2016  
Fellowship for Summer Research in Kyoto, Japan  2015
 Yun-cheng Sa Memorial Fellowship  2012-2013
NUS Research Scholarship  2009-2011
Hokkien Foundation Scholarship  2008
Special Book Prize (awarded to top student in Chinese Language), National Univ. of Singapore     2006-2007 
PUBLICATIONS 
“The New Discovery of Kang Hai’s (1475-1541)  Sanqu Collection and Its Significances,” (in Chinese) 
accepted for publication by Zhongguo wenzhe yanjiu tongxun, (forthcoming). 
“Prohibition of Jiatou Zaju  in the Ming Dynasty and the Portrayal of the Emperor on Stage,” in Ming Studies , 
Number 49 (Spring 201 7), pp.82-111. 
“A Study of a ‘New’ Huaben Story in Jingshi tongyan: ‘Ye Fashi Fushi Zhenyao’ (Exorcist Ye Subdues the 
Demon with a Charmed Rock),” (in Chinese) in Mingdai xiaoshuo mianmianguan: Mingdai xiaoshuo guoji xueshu 
yantaohui lunwenji  (Aspects of Ming Dynasty Fiction: Proceedings of the International Conference on Ming 
Fiction).  Edited by Kow Mei Kao and Huang Lin, pp.354-371. Shanghai: Xuelin Chubanshe, 201 5. With this C V, t ypical of t hose in t he hum anities, T e Nin g applied to a l ectureship at Oxford University  in the 
U.K
. As such, sh e wa s sure t o emphasize her c onsiderable international ex perience: studying, c onducting 
research, pr esenting and teaching throughout East Asia, as well as  in the U.S. T e Ni ng c hose a m ore 
traditional f ormat for her ed ucation section, includi ng h er gen eral exam f ields and a separate dissertation 
section. This choice is, p erhaps, m ore appropriate for gr aduate students i n earlier s tages of t heir pr ograms. 
She could have, i nstead, p ut the dissertation under he r PhD and replaced t he exam fields w ith a separate 
“Research & Teaching Fields” category. As she was applying for a position that emphasizes teaching, she 
gave m ore detail in her teaching experience section th an is seen i n some other samples in this booklet. 
Identifying information  has been changed.
15
CONFERENCE PAPERS 
“The Making of a Master in Drama and Sanqu in the Mid Ming: Li Kaixian’s Role, Influence, and Self-
fashioning,” presented at the Annual Meeting of the Association for Asian Studies, April 6-9, 201 9 San 
Francisco, CA.
“The New Discovery of Materials Related to the Mid Ming Qu Writer Kang Hai and Its Significances,” (in 
Chinese) presented at The International Conference on Chinese Drama: From Traditions to Modernity, 
jointly organized by the Nanjing University and the Shanghai Academy of Dramatic Arts, July 16-19, 201 8, 
Nanjing and Shanghai. 
“Defining a ‘ Qu Community’ - An Approach to the Transmission and Production of Sanqu  and Drama in 
Sixteenth-Century North China,” presented at the Workshop on Literary Communities: The Social Context 
and Literary Production & Consumption, organized by the Centre for Asian and African Literatures, May 
27-28, 201 7, London.
 “The Transmission and Social Production of Sanqu  in Literary Circles in Sixteenth-Century North China,”  
  presented at the Annual Meeting of the Association for Asian Studies, March 4-7, 201 7, San Diego,  CA. 
“Self, Sword and Action: Lin Chong and His Precious Sword in Baojianji ,” presented at the Third 
International Convention of Asia Scholars (ICAS3), August 19-22, 201 6, Singapore. 
“From ‘Tragedy’ to ‘ Beiju’ : The Introduction and Reinterpretation of a Western Concept in the Study of 
Classical Chinese Drama,” (in Chinese) presented at The International Conference on East-West Studies: 
Tradition, Transformation and Innovation, jointly organized by National University of Singapore and the 
University of Hong Kong, December 20 11, Singapore. 
INVITED TALKS AND PRESENTATIONS 
“The Commemoration of a Singing Girl in Songs and Drama in a Qu Community: The Case Study of Wang 
Lanqing,” (in Chinese) presented at the Institute of Chinese Literature and Philosophy, Academia Sinica on 
June 13, 201 8, Taipei. 
“Qu Community: A New Approach to the Study of Sanqu  and Drama by Mid Ming Literati,” (in Chinese) 
presented at the Chinese Department, National Tsing Hua University on June 8, 201 8, Hsinchu, Taiwan. 
TEACHING AND ADVISING EXPERIENCE 
Harvard University, East Asian Studies Program, Cambridge, MA 
Assistant Head Tutor, Fall and Spring: 2016-201 7 and 201 8-2019. 
-Academic advisor and administrative director for senior tutorials in East Asian Studies Program.-Oversaw ~12 graduate student thesis tutors and 20 undergraduate thesis writers each year.
Harvard University, E ast Asian Lan guages and Civilizations, Cambridge, MA 
Teaching Fellow , Chinese Literature course “Screening Modern China: Chinese Film and 
Culture” (Professor Dorothy Denny), Fall 2016. 
-Taught two sections (18 and 17 students respectively) on Chinese film, literature and culture.
Harvard University, Core Program and East Asian Languages and Civilizat ions, Cambridge, MA 
Teaching Fellow , Historical Study course “China: Traditions and Transformations” (Professor Robert 
Belwether and Professor Sing Wei Lung), Spring 201 6.  
-Taught one section (7 students) on Chinese history and civilization.
Harvard University, East Asian Studies Program, Cambridge, MA 
Senior Thesis Advisor , Senior Tutorial, Fall and Spring 2014-201 6. 
-Advised two undergraduates on senior theses on Chinese Buddhist literature and contemporary Chinesepoetry, respectively.-Both theses awarded Thomas T. Hoopes prize for outstanding undergraduate scholarly work.
Identifying information  has been changed.
16Te Ning Chang, pg. 2
RESEARCH EXPERIENCE 
Harvard University, Department of East Asian Languages and Civilizations, Cambridge, MA 
Research Assistant  to Professor Dorothy A. Denny in preparation of revised edition of A Guide to Chinese 
Literature, 201 6-2017 
Research Assistant  to Professor Stephen Conlan in a project on Chinese emigration,  2014-2015 
Research Assistant  to Professor Dorothy A. Denny in the preparation of the undergraduate Chinese Literature 
course “Filial Piety in Chinese Literature,” 201 3-2014 
National University of Singapore , Singapore 
Research Assistant  to Professor Mei Liu in a research project on the collection of Chinese fiction in the 
Chinese Library, 201 2-2013. 
RESEARCH AFFILIATIONS 
Visiting Scholar , Institute of Chinese Literature & Philosophy, Academia Sinica , Taipei. 201 7-2018
East Asian Research Fellow , Fairbank Center, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA. Summer 201 8 
Visiting Scholar , China National Academy of the Arts , Beijing, China, Summer 201 7 
Visiting Scholar , Institute for Research in Humanities , Kyoto, Japan, Summer 201 6 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Panel Organizer .  Organized a panel entitled “Shaping the Literary World: Li Kaixian's (1502-1568) Songs, 
Plays, and Biographies,” consisting of four panelists and a discussant from various institutions.  Proposal 
accepted for the 201 9 Annual Meeting of the Association for Asian Studies.  
Assistant Editor .  Com piled and edited An Annotated Bibliography of Chinese Pop ular Fiction of the Ming-Qing Perio d 
in the Collection of the Chinese Library, National University of Singapore (in Chinese).  Singapore: Center for 
Research in Chinese Studies, Monograph Series No.2, 20 11. 312 pp. 
LANGUAGES 
Chinese: Native.   Japanese: 3 years of Modern Japanese.  French: reading knowledge. 
Familiarity with other Chinese dialects: Henghua, Sout hern Min (Hokkien) dialect, Cantonese. 
REFERENCES 
Professor Robert S. Belwether 
Department of East Asian Civilizations 
Columbia University 
000 North St. 
New York, NY 10000 
212-123-0000
belwether@ xxx. columbia.eduProfessor Dorothy A. Denny  
Department of East Asian Languages and Civilizations 
Harvard University 
000 Kirkland Street 
Cambridge, MA 02138  
617-495-0000
denny@xxx .harvard.edu
Professor Sing Wei Lung 
Department of East Asian Languages and Civilizations 
Harvard University 
000 Kirkland Street 
Cambridge, MA 02138 
617-495-0000
swlung@ xxx .harvard.edu
Identifying information  has been changed.
17Te Ning Chang, pg. 3

CANDIDATE BELOW 


Vidita_Chatterjee_Hardvard_Example.pdf
   Vidita Chatterjee 
54 Cambridge Street  
Cambridge, MA 02139  
(617) 000 -0123
vchatterjee @fas.harvard.edu  Department of Music 
North Yard 
Harvard University 
Cambridge, MA 02138 
CURRENT POSITION 
University of Massachusetts Amherst, Amherst, MA 
Lecturer, D epartment  o
f Music and Dance, January 2019-P resent 
EDUCATION 
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 
PhD, Musicology, expected May 201 9 
Dissertation: “The American Mahler: Musical Modernism and Transatlantic Networks: 1920-1960” Committee: Dieter Fischer (chair), Cecile Bernard, and Rory Garcia 
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 
Teaching Certificate, Graduate School of Education, 20 11 
BA, summa cum laude, Major: Classical Studies. Minor: Music. Phi Beta Kappa, 200 9 
RESEARCH AND TEACHING INTERESTS 
American music Nineteenth-century music            Music history pedagogy Transnational modernism Medieval music            Historiography 
SCHOLARLY PUBLICATIONS 
 “Patriotism, Art, and ‘The Star-Spangled Banner’: A New Look at the Karl Muck Episode,” (Under review)  
“Beyond the Composer-Conductor Dichotomy: Bernstein’s Copland-Inspired Mahler Advocacy,” Music & 
Letters, (Revise and Resubmit)  
“Abridging Mahler’s Symphonies: A His torical  P
erspective,” in Rethinking Mahler , ed. Jeremy Barham 
(New York: Oxford University Press), (Forthcoming) 
 “Lawrence Morton” in Grove Dictionary of American Music
, 2nd Ed. (Forthcoming) 
 “Tim Page,” in Grove Dictionary of American Music , 2nd Ed. (Forthcoming) 
Ambrosiana at Harvard: New Sources of Milanese Chant, ed. F rancis Fitzgerald and Vidita Chatterjee 
(Cambridge, Mass.: Harvard University Press) 2016 
“Long-l ost S
iblings? Houghton’s Summer Manuscript and its Possible Milan Counterpart,” in Ambrosiana at 
Harvard: New Sources of Milanese Chant, 23-32, 201 6 Vidita  held an adjunct teaching position, even as she await ed graduation  and applied  for faculty positions . She listed  
this as her current position, above the education section, to indicate her strong qualifications and experience as instructor of record. Notice also the “Research and Teaching Interests” category—she tailored this section to each 
position she applied  to. With this CV, Vidita  landed a tenure -track position at a public land -grant university.  
Identifying information has been changed.
6
SELECTED AWARDS AND HONORS  
Whiting Dissertation Completion Fellowship, Harvard University  2018 
Oscar S. Schafer Prize for excellence in teaching, Music Dept., Harvard University  2017 
Warren Center for American History Term -Time Fellowship, Harvard University  2017 
GSAS Term -Time Research Fellowship, Harvard University  2017 
Hollace Anne Schafer Memorial Award for Outstanding Student Paper,  American  
    Musicological Society, New England Chapter 2016 
Jan LaRue Fund for Research Travel to Europe, American Musicological Society  2016 
Summer Research Grant, Warren Center, Ha rvard University (declined ) 2016 
Summer Research Grant, Graduate Student Council, Harvard University  2016 
Richard F. French Prize Fellowship, Harvard University  2016 
Nino and Lea Pirrotta Fellowship, Harvard University  2015 
Ferdinand Gordon and Elizabeth Hunter Morrill Fellowship, Harvard University  2013 
Gilbert E. Kaplan Fellowship in Music, Harvard University  2012 
Educator 500 Award, 3E Institute, West Chester University  2012 
CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS 
 “Copland, Mahler, and the American Sound,” Society for American Music, Little Rock, AR, March 6-10, 201 9  
“Copland, Mahler, and the American Sound,” American Musicological Society, New England Chapter, 
Medford, MA, February 2, 2018 
“Mahler’s Reception Within a Network of Modernists,” Echo Conference, University of California, Los 
Angeles, CA, October 19-20, 2018 
“Nadia Boulanger and Gustav Mahler,” Lyrica Dialogues at Harvard: The Woman and the Pen, Harvard 
University, Cambridge, MA, May 18, 201
8 
“Advising Koussevitzky: Copland, Mahler, and the BSO Canon,” Society for American Music, Charlotte, NC 
March 14-18, 2018 
“Annotating Mahler: Boulanger’s Take on the Fourth Symphony,” American Musicological Society, San 
Francisco, CA, November 10-13, 2017 
“Advising Koussevitzky: Copland, Mahler, and the BSO Canon,” Gustav Mahler Centenary Conference, 
University of Surrey, Guildford, U.K., July 7-9, 2017 
“Mahler’s Modernist Champions: Boulanger and Copland in France and the United S tates,” After Mahler’s 
Death: International Gustav Mahler Symposium, Vienna, Austria, M ay 24-28, 2017 
“Making Mahler French: Bernstein’s Case for the Composer in 1960,” 
The Symphony Orchestra as Cultural 
Phenomenon, London, July 1-3, 201
5; American Musicological Society, New England Chapter, Waltham, 
MA, 
February 6, 2016 
“Houghton MS Lat 389 
and a Possible Counterpart,” Ambrosiana at Harvard: New Sources of Milanese 
Chant, Harvard University, Cambridge, MA, October 18-19, 201 4 
Identifying information has been changed.
7Vidita Chat terjee , pg. 2 
INVITED TA LKS 
Panelist, “On the Road and Online with the New York Philharmonic, 1943-1970,” New York Philharmonic 
Archives, March 22, 2019 (http://archives.nyphil.org/hangout) 
ADDITIONAL P UBLICATIONS 
“Keeping it Real: The Limits of Virtual Learning,” The Bok Blog of the Derek Bok Center for Teaching and 
Learning, Harvard University, January 25, 201
8 (http://blog.bokcenter.harvard.edu/) 
Unsung Symphonies , collaborative vent ure with Frank Lehman, co-founder and coeditor 
(http://unsungsymphonies.blogspot.com/). Posts include “In Memory of James Yannatos: Symphony No. 5, 
‘Son et Lumière’” (October 28, 201 7) and “Pushing the Envelope: Blitzstein’s ‘Airborne’” (January 10, 2017) 
 “From TFA to TF: Different School, Same Lessons,” The Bok Blog, August 22, 2017 
 “Cheers, Boston, and Gustav Mahler,” op-ed, Boston Globe
, July 30, 2017 
“Learning to Decipher Archival Documents, One Letter (or Number) at a Time,” Amusicology, August 
7, 
2016 (h ttp://amusicology.wordpress.com/) 
“Getting to Home Plate with Sheet Music and Tobacco Cards,” The Lazy Scholar, April 7, 2016 
(http://thelazyscholar.com/). Piece highlighted in AHA Today, “What We’re Reading: April 8, 2016 
Edition” (http://blog.historians.org/) 
 “The Canadian Bess, or Porgy and Brass,” Amusicology, April 3, 201 6 
TEACHING EXPERIENCE 
University o
f Massachusetts Amherst, Amherst MA 
Lecturer, Styles: Graduate Survey in Music History , Spring 2019 
Designed and taught course 
Harvard University, Cambridge, MA 
Head Teaching Fellow, First Nights: Five Musical Premiers, Fall 201 6 
Curriculum Designer, Pedagogy Practicum for 
New Teachers, 2015-2016 
Teaching Fellow, First Nights: Five Musical Premiers,  Fall 2015 
Teaching Fellow, Music History and Repertory, 1750 to Present,  Spring 201 5 
Teaching Fellow, Music History and Repertory, Medieval to 1750,  Fall 201 5  
Anna Howard Shaw Middle School, Philadelphia, PA 
Mathematics T
eacher, 2009-11 
Teach f
or America, Philadelphia, PA 
Corps Member, 2009-11 
LANGUAGES 
French (Proficient); German, Italian, Latin (Reading Knowledge) 
PLEASE NOTE: The REFERENCES category s hould always  be included in an academic CV, but page 4 has been 
removed here to save space. Be sure to request letters of reference well in advance of application deadlines, and 
include full contact information for each letter writer, including a professor’s full academic  title. 
Identifying information has been changed.
8Vidita Chatterjee , pg. 3 

CANDIDATE BELOW 


Rachel_Green_Example_UI_UC.pdf
3 grad.illinois.edu/CareerDevelopment Rachel Green  
2 1 0  W .  G R E E N  S T . ,  C H A M P A I G N ,  I L  
( 2 1 7 )  5 5 5 - 1 2 3 4  •  R S T U D E N T @ I L L I N O I S . E D U  
EDUCATION  
PhD in English May 20xx 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
Dissertation title:  “Down on the Farm: World War One and the Emergence of Literary  
Modernism in the American South”  
Committee : Margaret Black, Naomi Blue, John Jay, Robert Roberts (Chair) 
MA in English  20xx 
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
BA in English and Communications, summa cum laude  20xx 
Butler University, Indianapolis, IN  
TEACHING  & A DVISING   
Composition Instructor  20xx-present 
Research Writing Program, University of Illinois 
 Facilitator for seven sections of English composition.
 Planned and taught a writing-intensive course based upon current events.
 Used instructional technology to enhance pedagogical technique.
 Taught in part with an innovative, interdisciplinary team-teaching program design.
Literature Instructor 20xx-present 
Department of English, University of Illinois 
 Instructor of record for two sections of literature, including Major American Authors  and
Introduction to Poetry per semester.
 Integrated multimedia and humanities approaches to teaching literature using film and instructional
technology.
Coordinating Group Leader 20xx-20xx 
Research Writing Program, University of Illinois 
 Planned and led required training session for teaching assistants and new composition teachers.
 Helped to mentor new hires to the English Department staff to ensure their engagement and
professional development.
 Provided job shadowing and training opportunities to assist new hires in adjusting to the pace of
work and the tone and style of the University.
Discussion Leader  20xx 
Carolina Summer Reading Program, University of Illinois  
 Led group discussion for first-year students on academic topics.
Teaching Assistant 20xx-20xx 
Department of English, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 Taught a section on film criticism, including film history, theory and technical vocabulary.
 Planned lessons and assignments, led discussion sections, graded papers and exams.
 Organized and led group discussions on social and academic issues.CV SAMPLE 
4 grad.illinois.edu/CareerDevelopment RESEARCH  EXPERIENCE   
Doctoral Researcher 20xx-20xx 
Department of English, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 Conducted primary source research at numerous archives, examining publication history through
multiple sources.
 Examined the literature of William Faulkner, Thomas Wolfe, and Tennessee Williams, exploring
their publication records, construction of literary identity, and relationship with modernism.
Research Assistant 20xx 
Department of English, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 Assistant to Professor Robert Warren, conducting primary and secondary source research.
 Organized for the “New Directions in the Study of Southern Literature: An Interdisciplinary
Conference.”
PUBLICATIONS   
Associate Editor of North Carolina Slave Narratives. John Jacob Franz, general editor. Forthcoming 
from University of Illinois Press, 20xx. 
Johnson, JM, Lolie, T., and Green, R.  “Lost on the Farm: Popular Beliefs” Somebody Journal, Special 
Issue, Reflections on the Americas. Vol. 6. Accepted and forthcoming. 
Green, R. “Fugitives/Agrarians” in A Companion to Twentieth -Century American Poetry. Rutgers 
Press., 20xx. 
Davis, D.A. and Green, R.  “Will N. Harben,” “Etheridge Knight,” and “James Wilcox” in Southern 
Writers: A Biographical Dictionary. Louisiana State University Press, 20xx. 
CONFERENCE  PRESENTATIONS   
“Artistic Colloquialism,” Illinois Graduate College Seminar, speaker and organizer. Urbana, IL, 20xx.  
“Transitional Bible Belt,” US Divergence Symposium, Duke University, NC, February 20xx.  
“The Ministry of Rev. Thomas H. Jones,” South Atlantic Modern Language Association. Atlanta, GA, 
May 20xx. 
“Shackles and Stripes: The Cinematic Representation of the Southern Chain Gain.” American Literature 
Association. Cambridge, Massachusetts, November 20xx. 
“Body Place of Sprits in the South,” Queen Mary College, University of London, April 6 -8, 20xx. 
HONORS  AND  AWARDS  
Jacob K. Javitz Fellowship, U.S. Department of Education 20xx-present 
Graduate College Dissertation Completion Award, University of Illinois 20xx 
Campus Teaching Award based on student evaluations, University of Illinois 20xx-20xx 
Doctoral Fellowship, Illinois Program for Research in the Humanities,  20xx-20xx 
University of Illinois 
Summer Research Grant, Center for Summer Studies, City, ST  20xx 
Graduate College Conference Travel Grant, University of Illinois 20xx & 20xx 
Most Outstanding Butler Woman, Butler University, Indianapolis, IN 20xx 
Academic Scholarship, Butler University, Indianapolis, IN 20xx-20xx 
Rachel Green, page 2 of 3 

